Online stores such as Bestbuy.ca, Amazon.ca, and MemoryExpress.com all have a 
similar design format, along with similar functionalities. Generally, the main 
page of these websites contain a search bar at the top that allows users to 
browse for items by the name or category of the item. Alongside this search bar, 
there is usually a bar next to (in the case of Bestbuy.ca) or underneath (in the )
case of Amazon.ca and MemoryExpress.ca) that contains dropdown menus containing 
different categories of items. These drop down menus are quick ways to filter out 
searches, especially if the website sells a plethora of different items. For 
Bestbuy and Amazon, they sell lots of different categories of items, such as 
electronics, movies, large appliances, toys, car components, and much more. Thus, 
these categories are more broad. When looking at an online store such as 
MemoryExpress, which specializes in computers, laptops, and computer components, 
we see that the categories are less broad. There are different categories for 
specific computer parts, such as Power Supplies (PSU), Central Processing Units 
(CPU), Graphics Processing Units (GPU), Memory, and more. These categories would 
generally be a subcategory of the computer category for Amazon or Bestbuy. A 
direct example can be shown through Bestbuy, where computer components are 
categorized in the Computers, Tablets &amp; Accessories Tab, and within that, the 
Computer Accessories &amp; Components inside the Video Cards &amp; PC Components 
section. Once a category is chosen, there is usually a gridview that displays small 
images of the items, along with their associated price and 5-Star rating value. 
Generally, these websites also provide a side panel that provides extra options 
for filtering the items in the selected category. Looking specifically at computer 
parts as a case study, (as the possible filtering values can vary drastically 
depending on the item selected), we might see things such as the brand (AMD vs Intel 
would be an example for CPUs), Memory (such as 2x4GB for RAM (Random-Access
Memory)), or Type (such as Desktop or Server). On more general websites such as 
Bestbuy or Amazon, we would generally see some sort of price filtering, where the 
user can set a price range for the items they would see. Above the gridview, there 
is usually another bar that allows for sorting or changing the view of how the items 
are displayed. There is generally a number count of the number of items that are 
in the category or result a search if a search was performed, a dropdown 
&quot;Sort By&quot; menu to sort the items, and buttons that can change if the 
images are displayed in a list view or a grid view. General options for the sort 
by menu are &quot;Best Seller&quot;, &quot;Price: Low to High&quot;, 
&quot;Price: High to Low&quot;, &quot;Title: (A-Z)&quot;, &quot;Title: (Z-A)&quot;,
&quot;Highest Rated&quot;, and &quot;Newest&quot;. Upon clicking on one of the 
items in the gridview/listview, the general layout of the proceeding page is 
the full name of the item, followed by the items price, number of items in stock, 
shipping costs (if they apply), any in-store locations with their associated 
quantity (if they apply, examples are Bestbuy and MemoryExpress, but not Amazon).
There is also a larger image of the item with different images that show any 
accessories or different angles of the items. Using the computer components use 
case one more, there is an overivew of the item along with more details specs. 
Online stores such as Bestbuy and Amazon like having multiple recommened or 
associated items following the details section. Below all of that, there is 
reviews section that displays other buyers 5 star review rating and any comments 
they have about the product. All of the online stores also have tabs for contacting 
the different stores or for online support, as well as tabs that provide more 
information about the store.